Update Readme (#117)
OpenMined/SyferText: README.md

![CI](https://github.com/OpenMined/SyferText/workflows/CI/badge.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Python 3.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-5-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

## SyferText

> SyferText is a library for privacy preserving Natural Language Processing in Python. It leverage PySyft for doing Encrypted Computation (

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SyferText is a library for privacy preserving Natural Language Processing in Python. It leverages PySyft to perform Federated Learning and Encrypted Computations (
```

> [Multi-Party Computation (MPC)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_multi-party_computation) and model training. The two main use cases of SyferText are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Multi-Party Computation (MPC)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_multi-party_computation) on text data. The two main usage scenarios of SyferText are:
```

> - :fire: Secure plaintext pre-processing: Pre-process text data located on a remote server without breaking the privacy of data.
> - :rocket: Secure Pipeline Deploy: Encapsulate the complete pipeline of pre-processing and model securely and deploy it.
>   
> To get more detailed introduction on SyferText watch :movie_camera: [OpenMined AMA](https://youtu.be/gtwOPxxJ5F4) with Alan Aboudib on SyferText.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :fire: **Secure plaintext pre-processing:** Enables pre-processing of  text located on a remote machine without breaking data privacy.
- :rocket: **Secure pipeline deploy:** Starting from version 0.1.0, SyferText will be able to bundle the complete pipeline of pre-processing components and trained PySyft models and to securely deploy it to PyGrid.
  
To get a more detailed introduction about SyferText, watch :movie_camera: [OpenMined AMA Session](https://youtu.be/gtwOPxxJ5F4) with Alan Aboudib available on YouTube.
```

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Python 3.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)

## SyferText

> SyferText is a library for privacy preserving Natural Language Processing in Python. It leverage PySyft for doing Encrypted Computation (

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SyferText is a library for privacy preserving Natural Language Processing in Python. It leverages PySyft for doing Encrypted Computation
```
